Amir: And helped grow that company. From a few, you know, early customers to A really nice meaningful you know, portfolio of customers with. We were selling into restaurants, and so we had a lot of dynamics at play, selling
Amir: corporate chains as well as small independents as well as the franchisees in between that sort of acted like smbs, but in reality had some corporate red tape that limited their buying but also could catalyze enterprise buying. And so, yeah,
Amir: I love talking with relation to question based selling. So I really.
Amir: I really have that sort of a preferred format when when selling is really understanding the buyer. I know it can be difficult. These people don't want to be on the phone with you, you're, you know, have to draw out questions, and so forming some form of a personal relationship, really being strategic in the angle. In. Why this person should even make time on their busy calendar to speak with you as a you know, as a CEO, or go to Market person for a startup.
Amir: yeah. So that's a bit about me. I'll I'll shut up so we can dive more into other intros and into the good stuff for today's session.
Chloe Lannert: Thanks, Eric. I'll pick on you next.
Eric Klein: Sure nice to meet you or see you all again. My name is Eric. I have done all kinds of sales. Sales is kind of my my thing if you will. I I like to joke that if I were a video game character my sales bar would be maxed out, and then everything else would just be like, Okay, so for me, my style of sales is always looking at it from the lens of helping people.
Eric Klein: If you can't help the person that you're trying to sell to, they're not your Icp or you're a scummy or bad salesperson. So for me, asking a lot of questions is definitely the way that I get to the answer. How do you? How do you make sure that the problem you solve is what you're selling and who you're selling it to.
Eric Klein: A little bit about my background. I've worked mainly in Cpg, I'm now working in an AI tech startup, and I have my own sales consulting firm. So I help a lot of founders, both new and very, very tenured, help help them with their value proposition, how they communicate value, how they overcome objections. And I'd say the biggest thing that I see from a lot of founders, at least in the Bay area. Space is
Eric Klein: yeah. And I'd say, not only that, but a lot of you know, top of mind.
Eric Klein: You are all your domain experts. You are the subject matter, experts of your field and communicating to the people that you're selling to. You're usually not talking to people who are, as you know, tenured or as specialized in what you do, and that makes it so. It's sometimes very hard to communicate value.
Eric Klein: So the way that I see a lot of founders who are able to get, you know, from 0 to 100 very quickly is they start to look at who they're selling to from their perspective as opposed to from their own perspective. And how would you talk to that person if you were that person? Or how would you communicate to yourself as a 5th grader before you ever even started learning about what you're into right now
Eric Klein: and communicating that way. So that's me.
Chloe Lannert: Thank you. Burhan, I'll tap you next.
Burhan Syed: Cool. I guess you guys watch my demo day videos. I don't need to do an intro on myself or or what I do?
Burhan Syed: Next thing was what mistakes I see founders made Chloe.
Chloe Lannert: The Sixcc founders make and any like observations on your sales style.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, cool.
Chloe Lannert: Want to tap. Your current hiring plans as like a little segue to your sales style.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, I mean, I I believe in founder led sales only when we raised our investors, asked us a question, which is how much you went out to hiring other sales employees, and I said, None for the very long, foreseeable future. I think, echoing what Eric said. It's really important to understand that you are the domain expert. Likely be one of the only people who understand exactly what it is you do. And and how you're solving your customers problems.
Burhan Syed: and so there's no better person to sell than yourself. I mean, I've been selling since I was a little kid. I started my 1st business when I was 13, selling broken phones to, or broken phone that I fixed
Burhan Syed: to other people. I wasn't peddling broken phones, I swear. And yeah, I mean went into promotions when I was in university selling ball service to degenerate university students and then now I sell
Burhan Syed: AI software for for dental. And I mean, one thing has straight stayed true across the board within all of my sales experiences, and that really, where you're trying to
Burhan Syed: do is not sell a product that you you believe in. But flipping the script and understanding what
Burhan Syed: I guess pain point you're solving for the for the customer
Burhan Syed: and selling that specific pain point solution instead. So yeah, I'll I'll shut up as well, and and catch along.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome snow.
Snow Lee: Great. Yeah, nice to meet you all, and
Snow Lee: thank you very much for having me here, Chloe and I I'm snow. I'm co-founder and CEO of run there.
Snow Lee: I I don't think that I can. Introduce myself as a sales professional, you know. I'm not the as you know, I'm not the native English Speaker. I'm not the sales professional. But I definitely learned a lot from the techstars program. My very special cohort team members, and also my mentors like Eric, I learned a lot, and I
Snow Lee: adopted the lessons learned, and then I'd love to share what I have learned with you guys.
Snow Lee: So the mistake I made the 1st one is, I think I neglected my the sales report I needed to focus on the sales and do more things than I actually did. So that is my one mistake.
Snow Lee: Another mistake is that
Snow Lee: recently, not several months ago, one of my team told me that. Oh, so I think you have 2 modes. One is the
Snow Lee: the customer success and the product mode and other one is sales mode. So when I change my topic and become the sales mode.
Snow Lee: and I realized that it fails.
Snow Lee: When I turn myself into the sales mode, I'm trying to sell something. My tone and my pitch, my gestures, is changed, which is not good for actually for selling.
Snow Lee: So I still needed to focus on actually try to help my customers problem instead of selling something. Yeah, that's 1 of the mistake. And I'm trying to fix.
Chloe Lannert: It's.
Snow Lee: Yep.
Chloe Lannert: All the jobs language.
Chloe Lannert: Love it. Thank you. Sam, welcome in. Welcome to Techstar, San Francisco. It's great to have you.
Sam Hegge: Yeah, thanks, Chloe. Great to be here. Nice to meet you all. I'm Sam Hegee. I lead sales for late stage company called Singular and Extract, and also do a little sales consulting and advising on the side. You know, I think
Sam Hegge: couple of things that I see early stage founders and founder led sales. I think I've worked with a lot of founders on just sales process early on is understanding your pipeline and being able to qualify and disqualify opportunities quickly. I think time is your most valuable asset, no matter who you are, and being able to understand, like when a conversation is going
Sam Hegge: nowhere versus you know your Icp or somebody that actually represents an opportunity. So I work with a lot of founders on
Sam Hegge: figuring that piece out and then creating urgency and deals out of those conversations. So yeah, excited to hear from everybody here, and be a resource to y'all.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. Thank you. Thank you. So for the current class. We're gonna use the hand raise feature on zoom, for when you wanna jump in and ask a question. Great places to start are with these lovely interest that we got, or any current issues you're running into with your existing pipelines, conversion rate like your your current sales processes. I know we've got some conferences coming up for some people, and they have questions on how to leverage that
Chloe Lannert: But yeah, I'll I'll hand it over.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, Alex.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, Hi, guys, I guess my question is around, how much automation slash tracking we should be doing versus, like, you know, actually selling and stuff like that. I'm always in the middle of like. Oh, I should track way more. Everything I'm doing. I've kpis conversion rate for like every steps of the process, etc. I said that like, Oh, this is taking me so much time in like setting up Crm setting up stuff like that. And so my guess is like, how do you view that like as early stage startup
Alex Nativelle: just for reference, like, we have
Alex Nativelle: 10 clients right now. So we have some, but it's not so many. And we'll focus on like building the pipeline. So I'm like.
Alex Nativelle: do you have any thoughts on that.
Eric Klein: I can jump in here because I was. I was just working with a client on this. It is a balancing act, right? You've probably heard the term paralysis by analysis.
Eric Klein: And it's tough, because I think, having the right data and understanding who your right Icp is. Who's, you know, clicking your clicking into your emails and and responding is very important. What Sam said, which is something that I live by is in sales. You want to go with win fast, lose fast, right? And if you are spending so much time looking for
Eric Klein: who you know who to talk to, when to talk to them how to say it. You know all of these things, and you're not picking up the phone and calling someone. And you're not actually having these meetings. You're setting yourself up to lose slowly.
Eric Klein: as opposed to lose quickly the hierarchy of sales goes, win fast, lose fast, win slow, lose slow, and if you spend all of your time exclusively focusing on how to do sales and never actually doing the sales. You can't get enough data. So what I would say is.
Eric Klein: yes, absolutely make sure you have a Crm. The most important tool in a in a salesperson's toolkit is their Crm. They can make sure that they understand who they're talking to make sure that they're following up with those people and and understanding who the person they're talking to is. But if you're spending
Eric Klein: half of your time analyzing who you're selling to and half your time selling. You're missing out on so much time that you could be talking to salespeople. One of the big things that I like to say to my clients is, if you don't meet, you don't eat right. So if you're not meeting with people. You're not going to be able to bring in those commissions and and close the deals. So I would err on when you're learning.
Eric Klein: Make sure you're taking notes, putting stuff in your Crm. But don't spend all your time setting up your tools and automations. It will come, and they are important. But if you, if you spend all your time setting up your automations, you spend no time selling.
Sam Hegge: Yeah, I would just add on to that a little bit. I think Eric makes some really awesome points. I think. You know, you could run a million dollar business out of a notepad like. You don't need all the software to optimize all conversions at all points of time. It's more so like, what is your deal size, and what's your pipeline? And are you managing your time effectively to progress? Those deals? I think the the metrics and the conversions. And the
Sam Hegge: you know website visits to leads to to deals is all important. But unless you're doing that at scale already, you don't have to invest all of your time in optimizing that. And it depends on your clientele. And if your product led growth, or if you're doing, you know more so direct, sale, larger deals. But that would be my 2 cents on that like. Don't over architect it until
Sam Hegge: it's kind of bursting at the seams, unless that's your strategic advantage, and and you know how to do that.
Chloe Lannert: Real quick before we move to the next question, what do you all use for your crms
Chloe Lannert: or like, what do you have any recommendations on like How to put it together for for early stage.
Eric Klein: For me. I I've used them all. They are all almost the same early startups. I'd say Hubspot is free for a few users, so it's easy enough to just go in there. I've had successful teams like, Sam said, using notepads and and putting it on a a whiteboard right in the same room.
Eric Klein: What I would say from the sales, pipeline and sales process perspective is as you're thinking through how many times you have to communicate with a customer or things. Steps you have to take to close a deal, make each of those a step in your pipeline, and then make sure you're moving them along the way. So I just worked with a client that works in the healthcare space.
Eric Klein: They have a phone call. Then they have a contract, and they have to meet with the people to go over the contract, sign the contract, and then initiate the deal, and then win loss with when you know
Eric Klein: when? Right? So those are each steps, and that's how we set it up for Carlo. That may be very different. Right? You may be having a conversation with these agencies, and then having a conversation with the people who need to leverage the agencies. And those are 2 different steps. Right? So what I would say is, think about everything that has to happen between your initial
Eric Klein: outreach potentially or initial conversation, or whatever all the way through what it takes to close the client and make those steps in your pipeline.
Burhan Syed: I use, excel.
Sam Hegge: Yeah notion. I've seen people do it amazingly well on on notion, and you don't have to over architect it. If you're only managing like
Sam Hegge: 10 to 20 deals at a time. You don't need a sophisticated system.
Snow Lee: I I like to share my one automation I'm using is Apollo and Eric. Suggested the tool for me to me, and I. I tested many other pipelines, but the the best pipeline I have is that whenever new users sign up it comes to the Apollo and I use the automation to send out the Linkedin connect message, and it works pretty well. And I I just wanted to share that.
Sam Hegge: Yeah, I think if you are set on establishing a Crm. I think Hubspot, like Eric said, it's great for especially early stage. The lower price point, lower entry ease of setup. I've used salesforce in most of my jobs, but also, you know, kind of series a and and beyond almost always. We're on salesforce at that point.
Chloe Lannert: Some pixel, I mean.
Amir: One thing I'll just add, here is, keep it simple. You're eventually going to need more complexity. Don't over complicate from the beginning.
Amir: Chloe. Just want to make a note. We have one more of our guest that's joined the room. So if we want to do an intro before jumping on the next question.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So, Stephen, welcome in for a little quick intro. Would love to hear a little bit more about your background. If you have any particular sales style, and any common mistakes that you see founders make, if you've seen any, and who you're selling to.
Stephen Musciano: I have 2. Hello! Everyone
Stephen Musciano: great to see some some of my best buds on this call and many new faces So
Stephen Musciano: I've I've been in supply chain my whole career. That started as a practitioner in the actual doing the supply chain work for athletic brands footwear apparel, then moved into consulting. So services heavily focused on services. And now moved into software supporting supply chain. So I sell in the b 2 b space. So we sell into the largest enterprises with the largest networks, largest supply chains globally.
Stephen Musciano: Mostly. That's chief supply chain officers, but that's also evps svps and vps can sign off on our deals as well.
Stephen Musciano: would you say? Common mistakes that founders make so.
Stephen Musciano: thinking about the founders I've worked with, because I'm
Stephen Musciano: only in small projects. Been a founder, but certainly not at scale. They
Stephen Musciano: ego sometimes gets in the way right especially some of the founders I've worked closely with. They have very very large egos. Oftentimes it's justified. But in the eyes of a prospect that sometimes doesn't translate. Well, sometimes it does, and the confidence in their product confidence in their company that confidence translates really well. But other times it could really be a deterrent and in the seller role.
Stephen Musciano: If your CEO is sort of ego blasting your prospects that screws up your pipeline. So it's something to consider, and it ultimately ties to reading the room, understanding the personalities of the individuals. You're talking to every seat in that room, right? Because no 2 people are going to be the same.
Stephen Musciano: And so that plays into my sales style is, I think of it as
Stephen Musciano: how many friends like real friends can I make within the organization.
Stephen Musciano: and ultimately that will translate into people want to do business with their friends, therefore
Stephen Musciano: equal to ultimately a transaction. So I try to read the room, match styles.
Stephen Musciano: and try to make everyone my best friend, and hopefully that results in
Stephen Musciano: signed paperwork. At the end of the day.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome.
Chloe Lannert: Carlo. Want to jump in.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, sure. Hey, guys, my question was made about like amount of strategies. You should try, and when to maybe move away from one while keeping at it right now, like
Carlo Scaglia: I'm doing just like one which is like cold outreaches. It's working somewhat well. But then, at that point it's like. I'm not saying once you found a recipe.
Carlo Scaglia: When should you sort of move into another strategy? Or how many strategies should you try to handle? Because I think it's quite easy to get lost and trying a lot of things on a little bit, and then obviously none of them work. If you try a lot of things in a small batch, but then it's probably also easy to get talent vision to one thing rather than like just moving on and trying something else. So what's the balance between the 2 things?
Stephen Musciano: Since I'm new I can take this one, not sure how we're rotating through the speakers. But I I'll certainly give it my 60 seconds
Stephen Musciano: you
Stephen Musciano: early on. Do not spread yourself thin. Right? Otherwise, you're gonna do everything at 60, 70%. And you're really not gonna fully exhausted a certain strategy. And the way I'm interpreting strategy from your question is like a go to market motion right? Like a white space you've identified in your market, and you're gonna go capture that white space or beat out some sort of competitor in that space.
Stephen Musciano: Really do the due diligence right like. Don't
Stephen Musciano: don't let yourself get bored right, because if you haven't
Stephen Musciano: thoroughly vetted it, and you're just jumping to the next shiny object you're gonna be missing something right? So it's
Stephen Musciano: It's stay focused. Be honest with yourself and your teams on how much you can actually take on.
Stephen Musciano: Are my my company today? We've are certainly have fallen to this over the last kinda
Stephen Musciano: 9, 12 months of just trying to do too much at once.
Stephen Musciano: And jumping from topic to topic. Whether that's internal process or different. Go to market motions facing shiny objects will will do you a disservice.
Carlo Scaglia: Fast is the opposite, though, like this is just taking maybe one route and going like
Carlo Scaglia: all the way into that one, and then not considering anything else. I'd rather.
Burhan Syed: What are the options right now?
Carlo Scaglia: Anything from cold outreaches to content strategies like outbound things, to going to conferences, to also creating our own
Carlo Scaglia: events just because we've got a good network in that respect.
Carlo Scaglia: yeah, those are the. Those are the 4 main ones.
Burhan Syed: Is any of it working.
Carlo Scaglia: I've just done focus on one which is the code outreaches by email.
Burhan Syed: And how's that working.
Carlo Scaglia: It's alright like sits around sort of a 7% conversion rate.
Burhan Syed: To paid customer.
Carlo Scaglia: No right now, just because we started like last month to cause booked right now, there's about another
Carlo Scaglia: on the paid customers think it might go to about 3%, 4%.
Burhan Syed: It's pretty hot.
Burhan Syed: I mean. I I hate cold outreach, at least like the spray, and pray approach. So I don't know how you decide to to do that? I guess I would just reframe your question and say.
Burhan Syed: what is the best
Burhan Syed: route I could take to have the highest amount of conversion to a paid customer rather than just responses.
Burhan Syed: And once you look at that metric, I think that'll inform which strategy you end up going with. For example.
Burhan Syed: our current outbound strategy has a 50% paid conversion right?
Burhan Syed: Right? And so if you're indexing on that, then you realize. Okay, I shouldn't be spending most of my time just sending a hundred emails a day, because that won't get me to that like North Star metric
Burhan Syed: instead. Well, what I did was, just you know, tune it down to 3 or 4 cold outbound emails a day, maybe reaching out to 10 prospects a month, Max, and then once you really niche down there and and choose a few accounts to go after and spend all of your time doing that it seemed to work for me. But you know for you, you might end up finding something else that works.
Carlo Scaglia: No, it's interesting. Thanks.
Sam Hegge: One thing you said, Carlo. It sounds like you have a network in your space, I think you know, like Brown said. None of us like cold outreach, like I've been doing sales for 20 years. It never gets
Sam Hegge: easier, but the warm leads and the connections that you have are one of your biggest assets. So if you have a network in your space in your client profiles like tap that network, ask for intros. Ask, even if somebody on those calls doesn't want to do business with you like, ask them if they know somebody that
Sam Hegge: is interested in it, and those warm leads will lead to higher conversions and and better use of your time. Oftentimes.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, it was a good, a good session with Eric on, like the referrals from existing clients. Stuff like that. But because would be to be like we have a few clients which are good. But obviously we don't have like hundreds. And so now we've
Carlo Scaglia: exhaust account referral until I press them for more stuff.
Eric Klein: Yeah, just adding, adding on to what both both of those guys said, I think that
Eric Klein: it's it's tough. Because if you told me that with, you know, very little refinement. You get a 3% outreach to customer rate.
Eric Klein: I would say you should just be reaching out to more customers out of a hundred people you send emails to you get 3 customers. That's a pretty crazy conversion rate. So
Eric Klein: if if that's the case, I would say, focus on that. Win fast. Send out as many emails spray and pray call people tap into your network. But if you're saying that every person in your network you talk to. There's a like Berhan said, a 50% conversion rate. You have to understand what metrics you need to go by where your time is spent most effectively, like Sam is saying, and again, win fast. Right. How quickly do you get to the money? How
Eric Klein: how quickly do you get to give a person value by signing up as a customer, going back to helping people and helping your customer. Think of it like this. If I reach out to 100 people. 3 of those people end up being, you know, getting value from my service right? Or if I talk to 10 people on my network. They introduce me to 5 people
Eric Klein: that will then value, you know, get value for my service. It just goes back to Kpis. What are you trying to get. What are your goals here? And what's the fastest way to conversion? Again, that 3% figure is not a small number. If you're just doing cold email outreach. That's fairly good.
Snow Lee: I I want to add something that you, since you mentioned about the content content writing. So
Snow Lee: we, we also have attracted our customers through the content published and definitely, it takes quite long time. But one of the method we did is that whenever the user come to our blog or medium, or our blog post. We collect the information of the visitor.
Snow Lee: and then reach out to them. So this this could be can be considered as a cold, but they have some intent, and it was quite useful for us to do that. So I hope that please understand that the content writing the SEO. It may take some time, but definitely I'd like to recommend you to use some of your portion to do that. Keep doing it.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, Snow, do you do any outbound at this stage.
Snow Lee: You know, I can share my failure about the outbound. And you know, yeah, we are. We are still trying to do that. But let me be honest outbound sales. Still, I'm struggling with that.
Chloe Lannert: So yeah, last time snow came into chat he wasn't doing any outbound, and everything, like all of his sales, were organic, inbound through his blog and content, and SEO, which was crazy.
Snow Lee: Yeah, it was. Fortunately we have. Most of our our customers are inbound customers. As as Chloe said, and I'm I'm so happy with that. But still there's a caveat. If I cannot figure out the outbound sales and the paid marketing, I cannot boost the growth, so I'm still trying to figure out how I can do that.
Chloe Lannert: Love it ankur, you wanna jump.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, I was. I was curious. We kind of touched on it a little bit. But I'm curious how you guys set up metrics.
Ankur Toshniwal: And how you guys like
Ankur Toshniwal: what your kind of cadence for tracking stuff is? Do you guys set targets at the beginning of each week every month. And then, you know, do you guys track outreaches per like every every every day at the end of the week, kind of do like a big
Ankur Toshniwal: like. Look back, I've heard a different Co, a couple of different methods. I think we're at a point where it's very tough to be able to set
Ankur Toshniwal: specific sales targets. Because we're not sure we have the perfect engine yet for that we we don't. We're not. But we we definitely can measure like getting to product product Demos, and we can measure certain parts of it. So we want to be kind of rigorous about making sure we are putting in the work to get to that point. So sales isn't actually a good metric yet very soon. So I'm curious kind of how you guys suggest
Ankur Toshniwal: setting up you know
Ankur Toshniwal: good habits, I guess, as far as tracking and building out targets. As we as we move forward
Ankur Toshniwal: and cadence for tracking. Yeah.
Amir: I'll just oversimplify
Amir: 1 1 activity per day. You know I can guarantee you're not. You're not right now hitting that minimum of one
Amir: activity per day. One sales activity per day.
Amir: Do yourself a favor, and hit that 1st
Amir: before thinking about how to track and how to set up the rest. Just do. One sales activity a day for 30 days straight. And then let's talk about setting up other forms of tracking.
Amir: And and when I say a sales activity, I mean a meeting, a discussion with the customer.
Amir: Perhaps
Amir: I'll give you some credit for an outbound message to try to prospect a customer, but in reality you should be talking to at least one prospective customer per day, as as far as a qualified
Amir: activity sales activity, and and just be as simple as that. I need to talk to one person a day for the next 30 days. See where my business ends up. After that.
Stephen Musciano: Give you another simple one.
Stephen Musciano: Granted, we're
Stephen Musciano: we're really bad at metrics. We're about to close our next round, and we still barely have sales metrics. So.
Stephen Musciano: but what we do have is revenue.
Stephen Musciano: And one of the indicators we track for like health of relationship
Stephen Musciano: is, how many of your prospects, can you?
Stephen Musciano: Well, you know, maybe 5 years ago we've been pick up and call. But today is text, how many people can you just text right now and say, Hey, how's it going? How are we progressing on? XY. And Z.
Stephen Musciano: And so to double down on Amir's Point? It's
Stephen Musciano: are you making small wins every day, and then think about, well, how deep are my connections, how deep are my relationships? Can I send a very informal text message to any one of these people I'm talking to in my pipeline. Will they respond? Will they be welcoming? Are they open to that conversation? And so we literally measure ourselves on.
Stephen Musciano: Well.
Stephen Musciano: who have you talked to? Who you know? It's good depending on where you're at in your lifestyle, right like, whose kids names do you know how many people have you texted?
Stephen Musciano: And ultimately that is translated into one deals just
Stephen Musciano: purely based on such a simple metric.
Sam Hegge: Yeah, I think to Steve's point. You know, it used to be like 100,000 deal $100,000 deals and up like you had to be in person to get that deal like you had to go visit them nowadays. It's like, can you text them on the side and ask them what's going on.
Sam Hegge: And I think you know, that's if that's what your deal sizes are like. That's a really important metric for you to kind of be stress testing, understanding like, are they a champion? Are they willing to go to bat for you? Will they give you your their cell phone number all that kind of stuff.
Andrew Fernandes: Oh, yeah, I wanted to circle back on something. Verhan said that you're right. You said, try to do 3 to 4 really qualified research
Andrew Fernandes: cold outreach in a given day, and maybe 10 per month.
Burhan Syed: Yeah, I meant I meant
Burhan Syed: for me. Specifically, I go after Max. 10 prospects a month across maybe 4, 3 or 4 qualified accounts.
Burhan Syed: And I think, obviously, this is what works for me, and a a business like snows that does not make any sense at all, because the average, the acv of like a contract really matters right for me. The Acv for an average customer is upwards of 3 million
Burhan Syed: But for some other people, it might not be the case. So I think that that framing is important. But if you're if the deal size is massive for each of your customers. Then why the hell are you spending time going after 100 people right now? Right? Conversely, if the deal size is tiny, why are you spending time going after only 3 or 4 people a month?
Burhan Syed: Right? Why aren't you going after 100 people? So I think that framing and perspective matters. But at the end of the day I think like if I had to summarize what everyone said into like one sentence, it's it's more important right now to be building a relationship with an Icp than it is to be tracking anything else. In fact, I wouldn't even count it as like one sales activity. It's like one relationship
Burhan Syed: not not to discount anything, Amir said, but that's just how I see it right. And a a good way of of putting it is you need to come off as personable. I think a lot of people go the corporate bureaucratic route where they're like.
Burhan Syed: Hi! This is my name. This is what I do and like, you know, this is the solution we provide. Just be yourself like I hop on call, and I'm swearing immediately in the 1st 5 min, and I'm just, you know, like shooting the shit with the customer, because that's what matters more, do they like you, or do they not like you? There's a hundred different platforms they could go with, but they'll narrow it down to people they like, and then it becomes down to who's the solution?
Andrew Fernandes: Got it. And yeah, that was gonna be my second question.
Andrew Fernandes: regarding ticket size. Are you still pursuing the
Andrew Fernandes: Gtm. You mentioned in your pitch which was selling to, I guess private Equity owned dental organizations.
Burhan Syed: Fuck. Yeah. Baby.
Andrew Fernandes: Alright, helpful context, thanks.
Chloe Lannert: Alex.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah. I wanted to to
Alex Nativelle: come back to the win fast, lose fast sentence, because I think it's kind of important, and that might be something we struggle with. Right?
Alex Nativelle: We have like Ed tech clients. So there's like universities and stuff like that. So of course, it's a different than what you guys are talking about. But I guess my question is more like when fast lose fast. How do you do that? Exactly like what are the things that makes you move faster in the towards the. You know the pipeline. But I think that's something we struggle with.
Eric Klein: Definitely. This is something that my dad has said to me since I was 5 years old. So it's something that's very near and dear to me. When I think of people who are probably doing a great job. At this I think of Burhan and Burhan. You've identified your Icp. You've gotten super niche and understand exactly who you need to call.
Eric Klein: If you look up a client or a potential prospect, and you see that this doesn't check all the boxes for me. You're probably not going to include them in the 10 people that you reach out to this month, right? If you get on a call initially, and you hear some signals that don't align perfectly with your Icp. You're not going to continue to kick the can down the road, and hopefully, this person becomes a client down the road they may.
Eric Klein: But if you had a team of 30 salespeople, maybe you put that on one of your 30 salespeople. Right? But you are you, and maybe a small team. So, Alex, what I would say is, if you are able to strongly identify the the
Eric Klein: Icp that you're looking for, and you understand exactly the value you bring. And and if you can or can't bring value to these people.
Eric Klein: A, I would move on. B. If you are using rhetoric or sales tactics that slow things down, maybe you look at your sales process and there's 30 steps in it when it could really just be 3 steps or 5 steps one of the biggest things that I think is the most influential change for the people that I work with is.
Eric Klein: I don't think a sales conversation the goal of a sales conversation isn't to sign a contract. It's to schedule the next call the goal of a contract call is to sign a contract. Right? So if you understand what your goal is going into a meeting, and you say, hey? You know, we just had a great call. Take a look at the contract and and I'll shoot you an email, and we'll schedule a call right? Well, that makes your sales process at least a week longer.
Eric Klein: whereas if you're on the call and you say, Hey, you know, we just went over this. I want to make sure you have. If you have any questions we answer those questions. Why don't we schedule a call for Friday? If you have any questions. We'll talk over it. Then. If not, we'll be good, and we'll sign, and we'll start onboarding. Then what you're doing is you are setting yourself up to win fast.
Eric Klein: or if the person is just being nice and getting on these calls because they like you as a person, and maybe there's an opportunity down the road.
Eric Klein: You are setting yourself up to lose fast. How many hours have you spent writing the contract meeting with this person, thinking, if they are the right Icp if they'll get enough value from you right. But if you're doing what Burhan's done and he's gotten his Icp down to a science he meets with someone and he hears, okay, this person hits all the boxes. Let's schedule a meeting for Friday.
Eric Klein: Bam meeting scheduled acv 3 million dollars. Bam done right win fast, or he gets on a call. And the person says, You know, this is way too expensive for us. We're talking to people who are doing a similar thing for a 3rd of the price. Not an Icp not worth arguing over. Price. This is a price conversation that is never gonna go anywhere. Lose fast.
Eric Klein: Move on, put them in your Crm. And maybe reach out to them in 6 months and see if they're really happy with a product. That's a 3rd of the price, and probably a 3rd of the value.
Eric Klein: It's like, you know my company so well.
Alex Nativelle: Can't.
Burhan Syed: I will add on one thing. Sorry. Just to supplement Eric's point, I think, the most important or so the biggest issue. I see a lot of startup founders make is they'll just hop on the call and not ask what the process of customer they're talking to. As for, like closing a deal.
Burhan Syed: and then they'll just kind of just like trudge along, based on the timeline that they, the customer, is set. I think the most important question to ask near the end of the 1st meeting is like, What's your process? Look like? And if they're like, Oh, we have to take like 3 months, and like we have these, you know, stakeholders to talk to and like. This is our. This is what we need to look into to validate, that this is a problem that we're having. Just flip the script and say, you know what?
Burhan Syed: Here's a bunch of research that we've done that validates the problem. And why don't I do this? I'll just create a placeholder. Invite at all the stakeholders that you just mentioned. And let's have that call next week and just take ownership of the sales cycle instead of giving the ownership to the customer. But yeah, that's pretty much it.
Alex Nativelle: Cool. Okay, that makes total sense. Thanks. You guys, I think one other thing is
Alex Nativelle: because we don't have that many revenue yet. Well, like every client we meet with is like, potentially right, like more revenue. That is quite important for the company. So we're not like, okay, let's not, you know, work with you. That might be a problem I'm guessing like
Alex Nativelle: there's probably a balance between you nailing down your Icp. You know exactly who you're targeting with. And like, the other thing is like, Okay, maybe we just like talking with people we are going to nail down the Icp. But we have to, you know, move the process along with
Alex Nativelle: people that might not be the perfect client for us.
Eric Klein: It's it's tough, right? If if someone's if you're hungry and someone has food out there, you're gonna want that food. If you smell that food. You're you're gonna do everything you can to get that food. But if you can't get in the door right then you're just looking through the window at that point. So what I would say is.
Eric Klein: don't discount anyone that checks all the boxes for you. Right? Make sure that you're communicating your value effectively. And you understand, like Burhan, said I, I just pulled out, and this is super sales nerdy of me. I have this this sales process that's called the the 9 information objectives right? And you need to know
Eric Klein: your clients stayed in gaps. You need to understand the relationship. You need to have commonalities with the people that you work with or the people you're selling to understand their decision. History with similar products. Understand the alternatives to your product that you're trying to sell in
Eric Klein: favorite alternatives, current product and solution, the decision criteria and the stages. And who makes those decisions right? So those are things that a you need to know and be understand where you you push value. I think, Alex, you and I talked about aspire. The idea of aspire is that if you can
Eric Klein: formally or you know clearly explain how your product imp sorry impacts adherence, safety and security, productivity, image, revenue or expenses effectively.
Eric Klein: then you can probably convince someone that they're the right Icp, and if you have someone and you understand the 9 information objectives, you understand the elements of aspire that your product helps with right? You're you're definitely helping with image. You're helping with productivity, you're helping with adherence, potentially with your your colleges and the students getting.
Eric Klein: You know the education and how to how to get jobs. Those are the kinds of things that if you're not communicating well, it doesn't matter how perfect of an Icp or a prospect. The person you're talking to is, they may not even know that they're a perfect prospect. So
Eric Klein: what I would say is. Yes, any university probably falls into a a potential bucket for you. Right? It just depends how high up in your your hierarchy that bucket is. And then a, maybe it's not about them. Maybe it's about you. And reflecting on how you actually communicate value and how you ask questions and understand their problem. Something I I talked to Vivian about
Eric Klein: was as you're talking to people, and you're asking questions. Your questions aren't just about curiosity. It's about instilling a gap in their mind that you can then fill right? So if if you're wasting a bunch of time by telling people what they need to buy without asking them the questions. So they get to the answer themselves. Then you're gonna lose fast, which is good or lose slow, which is bad. But you're not gonna win fast right.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah.
Alex Nativelle: Thanks.
Eric Klein: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Yes, ma'am.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, I was thinking about Sam's messages here, like, so maybe I should say my example here my story. So I was working with front a year ago, like you started like having a pilot program. We made the contract. Everything was great, and everyone was like highly motivated to start this pilot. But then it took a year, actually, and it was like very costly, like thousands of dollars from their side. Also, we spend a lot of time here as well.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: But then we reached out again. We reconnected a few days ago, and they were kind of like demotivated 2 guys who were like pushing for our solution. They left the the center. It was from Hoffer, Ifm, Germany.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: and so it took a bit of time. It took a lot of resources and many things. And then, finally, so we couldn't really proceed here.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Our solution is regarding like AI automation for manufacturing. So the pilot would need to spend a little bit of time and also money like. Usually it's about like 2030,000 of dollars.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: And this is the actually the sales funnel we were thinking like for optifact like, it's starting from pro prospect having pilot programs. And I think Sam's point is also wonderful here. So if really we should have a pilot here.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: We were thinking that maybe at this stage probably Pilot would be necessary for us, because usually these companies are looking for proof of concept like, there's some cases to do some successful results here. And we thought, maybe we can define something together. But maybe in the later stages, probably we should just escape like pilots at some points, and we don't really need to have pilots like maybe in 2, 3 years. But I'm just curious of what we should do like at this stage to to have everyone like motivated for our solution. Everything like very fast.
Sam Hegge: Yeah, do you have? What? What are your current customers? And do you have any case studies that you can sell with.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: So we have one cases study right now. We were hoping that with this front half we would make something very unique here, because this is a wonderful center, like everyone knows that center around the world.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: So we are making something on our own basically these days. And just to show the capability of the software.
Sam Hegge: Yeah, I think you know my, my approach to this is skip pilots whenever you can. Right pilots are are a lot of time and investment, and you might walk away with no deal. And you guys spent a year on this customer and both sides put a lot of money and time into it. And then, you know, at the end of it, it sounds like it didn't work out. And that happens to everybody right? Like you're you're not alone in that. It. It happens a lot, and having the right
Sam Hegge: qualifications early and the right signs and the right executive buy in can help
Sam Hegge: reduce the amount of losses that you have on those pilots. The other thing that I really do is is stress the success criteria.
Sam Hegge: What is it that we need to deliver during this pilot period that
Sam Hegge: define success for you, and that you're willing to pay for our service and putting that actually into the contract, and then
Sam Hegge: legally obligating them. If I deliver on these things, you will start paying
Sam Hegge: so I think it's 1 way to to limit these things where, like your champion leaves you don't have executive buy in anymore. If it's in the contract and both sides are working towards a well defined goal.
Sam Hegge: You're gonna have a lot more success and a lot less churn on those pilots. The other thing is, can you shorten that pilot? Can you reduce the scope. So I work with companies. You know, the scope could be a hundred items long. But if you can get it boiled down to like 2 to 3 things. Say, we're gonna deliver on this, and then we'll deliver on those other 97 things later on in the agreement.
Sam Hegge: It can help you save a lot of time, but still prove out your point that you're capable of what you say you're doing.
Sam Hegge: So use case studies, use examples, use references to try to sell deals without pilots if you can. If you have to do pilots really tighten it up stress, test it. Make sure you get executive buy-in on the client side before you go and invest all that time understanding, like, Hey, who's who do you need to sign off on this budget? And are they aware of the details of this success? Criteria in this pilot period?
Sam Hegge: And then, you know, it happens all the time your champion leaves, or your executive buyer leaves so, being multi-threaded, having, you know, 3 to 5 people within the account that are all bought in on this that can help you get back on on the tracks. If somebody leaves.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Thank you, sir.
Amir: Quickly. Add to that,
Amir: The time to get 3 to 5 internal champions is not when you got the email that your champion is leaving. By the way. It, it's it's so. So be sure that you're being conscious when you have a good champion.
Amir: don't stop with just one, because if they go
Amir: like like, what's what happening to you, it's it's it's a high risk. And so I just wanna overemphasize this because all of you now have good irons in the fire, with specific companies that are reaching out to you.
Amir: What happens if that one person that you have been communicating with the last 3 5 months leaves. Do you have the second, 3, rd 4, th touch point. Inside that enterprise the enterprise will continue to move on, and if if you are, if you're
Amir: future. If if your future in a Ser as a service provider is is.
Amir: you know, cut off because any one buyer and any one individual leaves that company then it wasn't a a deep enough pain you were solving for the company.
Amir: So.
Chloe Lannert: At what stage should they be looking for those additional connections in the org? Is this like after the 1st meeting? They're like who
Chloe Lannert: they should ask, who.
Amir: Absolutely.
Chloe Lannert: Like they can meet.
Amir: Who? Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Especially with an enterprise buyer. Even even with.
Amir: you know, a a smb, though you know the question.
Amir: Who else, you know I I'd be happy to talk with someone else in your team, you know. Who else should I run this past?
Amir: you know 1 1 thing that often like I didn't know about when I got into Enterprise sales was simply our company needed to have vendor approval by procurement to get a deal done, and and and this might surprise some of you. I see some, you know, heads nodding, but like, if you have, if you're talking with an Enterprise Company, and you haven't reached that stage. All of what you've been discussing
Amir: can't be executed on the the company has a strict policy on the way they procure. Bring on service providers. And and so, if you're talking to a company, that's you know
Amir: Fortune 500 fortune 1,000, it's very highly likely. Even companies that aren't in the fortune. 1,000 sort of have that. But that's a simple question, like.
Amir: do I, as a you know, be before we continue. Are there any steps that I need to consider to have to to be a an approved vendor? Do I need to speak with someone on your procurement team to be an approved vendor.
Amir: so hope that helps.
Stephen Musciano: That will certainly sabotage your timeline
Stephen Musciano: because they operate on their own timelines the common one these days is AI Review board.
Stephen Musciano: I'm sure many of your products have at least, whether it's marketing or real AI. It will go through an AI Review board. They most likely meet once a month. You're trying to close the deal by March 31.st Well, the next AI Review board isn't until April 17, th so you're screwed because they won't approve anything until it goes through that board. So that's conversation has to happen 60 days in advance so that you can hit their cadence.
Stephen Musciano: It goes back to someone mentioned it. But
Stephen Musciano: Like your your close plan or your how do we get this deal done? Plan whatever you want to call it? But those steps should certainly be included getting the signature.
Meg Hall: That's can I ask a question on that one before we jump to the next topic?
Chloe Lannert: Yes.
Meg Hall: Okay. So I'm have, like one of my customers, that it's a public company. And like right now I've been, they said, yes, we're in like 2 months ago, right? And then, you know, we met in person. He's like, Yeah, I'm gonna try to get this contract done by the end of the week, and that was 6 weeks ago, right? And so then we had to go through. You know, we're we're in the slip phase, right the legal it procurement and you know
Meg Hall: we were stuck with the Ciso for a while right? And then finally, I like I I was asking the
Meg Hall: So I was on a CC. On a thread with their like team, and I asked them like, Hey, who's working on this? And I followed with that guy, and then I followed up with. They said that it'd been passed up to the data privacy team. So I just like looked up her number on the cold calling database, and I called her, and I was like, Hey, Kelly, my name's Meg. Like I wanted to reach out like we're a small team. Do you have anything that like you need from me? Right? Like I'm trying to push this deal along so I don't want it to just
Meg Hall: fall of like, like, you know, fall out anyways, they got mad at me so they're like you should only go through me. But the thing is, it's not moving
Meg Hall: like at all, really, you know, like, right now, I know it's with legal, but like they don't want me to reach out to legal. So how am I supposed to keep it pushing forward through my champion.
Stephen Musciano: The common problem, and
Stephen Musciano: I would be more upset if you weren't getting yelled at right some. That's part of the game. Yeah. You'll you'll get your hand slapped. So
Stephen Musciano: I mean in in some cases going direct to legal is maybe a bit
Stephen Musciano: maybe a line too far, but going direct to procurement, going direct to that it person. Because they don't have your priorities right? And nor do they have your champions priorities right? They're often a shared service
Stephen Musciano: centralized team, especially if it's a global enterprise. They're moving at their own cadence, their own pace. To give you one example, I was
Stephen Musciano: working to get a deal closed last quarter, and I had a the global head of procurement. Very senior procurement person who had to get this contract done.
Stephen Musciano: he sent us a note, including our CEO, that said.
Stephen Musciano: Essentially like, you guys are driving me nuts. Don't send me a single other message like your contract will get done by end of day.
Stephen Musciano: It technically got done at one Am. My time, which satisfied our requirements to close within the quarter in the time zone we needed. But
Stephen Musciano: we celebrated that. We're like, well.
Stephen Musciano: that head of procurement, maybe, will close 3 contracts on this day.
Stephen Musciano: Better believe that one of our contract will be one of those 3 if they're not, go ahead.
Meg Hall: Did you email him, or did you add him like message him on Linkedin? What were you doing to get like.
Stephen Musciano: So I had a relationship with them. So this deal was set to close March 31.st It was, I know the dates because I was just looking at it pretty closely, is 3rd week of January. I set up a weekly call with the head of procurement, and said, Here's our close plan. This is what I'm marching against, he said. I agree.
Stephen Musciano: These are the in, you know, in between steps to get to an ultimate deadline of March 31, st and we met every single week. It still came down to
Stephen Musciano: almost the last minute of the quarter to get the deal done. But back to investing in these relationships early.
Stephen Musciano: I knew him super, you know, the next time I'm in Luxembourg, I'm gonna meet up with this guy right? Like we've become friends. In this process.
Meg Hall: Yeah.
Stephen Musciano: If I would have pinged them the last week of the quarter, and we'd be like wait. We talked in January. Why do I? I don't know you. I deal would have been dead for that quarter.
Stephen Musciano: So it's investing in those relationships early. It's I've established Whatsapp with him. Teams chat with him, email
Stephen Musciano: all the channels multi-threaded and did it 60, 90 days in advance of the ultimate deadline.
Meg Hall: Do any of you guys ever just like apply to be a vendor for, like these big companies before you even have an internal champion just to start like, hey? Now, we're already approved vendor
Meg Hall: to make it easy to work with them.
Sam Hegge: My experience, you're really gonna need somebody asking you to get into that approved vendor program. So yeah, like.
Sam Hegge: I've done, Arriba Sap. Microsoft has their own thing. All these big fortune 100 s. Have their own kind of vendor management portfolio. But in order to get that, you're not just going to be able to cold, apply. Typically, you might be able to work through somebody like vendor.com where, like, they kind of help bring people in. But
Sam Hegge: in my experience it's more a waste of your time. Unless you have a champion and a business owner that wants you in that program because there's just so many steps along the way to get into it. And like things like INFOSEC. If you're selling software, you're going to have to go through all that, and have somebody
Sam Hegge: vouch for you.
Meg Hall: Yeah.
Eric Klein: Going. Going. Oh, sorry. Go ahead. Sam.
Sam Hegge: I was gonna say, the thing of kind of like stepping on toes that you 1st asked about Meg. I think it it happens a lot. And you know, like Steve said, I think
Sam Hegge: if you can build the relationship early, that's fantastic. If you need to reach out to that person do it in your most friendly way, and just like try to
Sam Hegge: try to bring positivity to it. These procurement people have a tough job. They have to deal with negativity all the time, and they say no, a lot. So the more kind of positivity you can bring into it the better. And then, if you have multiple people on your team also distributing some of that tension can also help. So like, if you have a junior person that maybe they reach out to that legal or procurement person that can kind of distribute. And you're like, oh, I'm so sorry that, like.
Sam Hegge: you know, we reached out to them out of out of turn out of line. Can help. Because you definitely want to get in front of that person. It's just.
Meg Hall: Tactically. How do you do it without pissing everybody off? It's it's an art.
Meg Hall: I actually, I like your idea of having a junior person. That's a really good one, and sorry encore for jumping you off.
Burhan Syed: On Sam's point, though on the junior person. That junior person does need to be real.
Burhan Syed: I have a junior person. His name is Jake. Jake is me.
Sam Hegge: Exactly. Yeah.
Meg Hall: Okay.
Amir: I'm glad you brought that up, Burhan. I think you know Burhan is not a traditional name in the Western world. Amir is not a traditional name in the Western world.
Amir: If you have a challenging name.
Amir: your cold emails are not gonna perform as well as a traditional Western name in the Us. Market. I'm sorry it's just not the real. It's the reality. I've tested it a hundred times over it just
Amir: and and so creating these avatar team members is a great strategy to deploy in early sales, especially if you have a non traditional non Western name, and you're doing outreach via via that you know
Amir: via that email.
Burhan Syed: Yes. Yeah.
Amir: Additional, so.
Sam Hegge: Yeah, I blame my finance team all the time, for when I can't offer things, and I never talk to them about that deal. Ha! You know, half the time it's it's just really distribution of of the
Sam Hegge: the tension that you want, so that you're not always the no person.
Sam Hegge: So if you have a Cfo or a co-founder be like oh, you know I have to check with my co-founder about that, or like I need to get their approval on this.
Amir: Good cop, bad cop. That's, you know, sort of the dynamic. You guys can research good cop back bad cop theory. But
Amir: one thing you know, it goes back to relationship establishing a common villain. Like ideally, the common villain is like the culprit of the problem, for the enterprise or the villain is the competitor that is not meeting their expectations. And the service that you're going to potentially offer a better. So establishing a common villain right? And and sometimes that villain can be an internal company villain where finance isn't approving
Amir: the right, the the but the the pricing that the company is asking for. And so, you know, establishing a common villain tends to help extend a relationship to you know, an informal, aligned stance, even if it's like I said, internal villain.
Chloe Lannert: Love it uncle.
Ankur Toshniwal: This might be.
Ankur Toshniwal: I'm not sure if this is the right place, so if
Ankur Toshniwal: maybe move it offline, if anyone's more interested in helping with like more con, like tactical
Ankur Toshniwal: form of the email. So I'm curious Andrew and I got in a minor debate about kind of length and structure of emails during sales. And so generally, you know, Andrew is doing kind of the first.st And he's cro he focuses on initial contact. I mean, I do, too. But it's just our split is, I do more product stuff. So
Ankur Toshniwal: I generally come in a little bit later and like, we'll usually send an email for recapped meeting notes kind of next point action items. And I think, like there's there's a bit of
Ankur Toshniwal: a question of okay, what is too long? And we're scaring people off and giving people homework to do and then what is the other side of like? Hey?
Ankur Toshniwal: If you don't send enough detail, I know that in any meeting I get frustrated. If I said, we talked about a bunch of stuff, and I don't get a response saying, Here are the things we talked about. Here's like the things the actual action items. And it's just missing stuff I'm like, Hey, you just didn't listen. So there's a little I'm trying to figure out like, Hey, what's too much homework. And what shows that you didn't listen. And maybe a balance how to balance kind of outreach after again, this is post 1st meeting
Ankur Toshniwal: post kind of either either a demo or a discovery call kind of thing. Where there were necessary action items like, Hey, there were things we talked about moving forward with.
Eric Klein: this is, gonna be kind of a Bs answer, and I know that. But the the big thing I tell a lot of the people I work with is, how long is too long for emails that you receive
Eric Klein: right? How much is too much for you to look at an email and say, I'll look at this later and then never get to it.
Eric Klein: One of the things that I like to do sometimes, if I know it's going to be a long email is, I do a super quick summary at the top, like Tldr, but do it at the beginning. So I know a lot of the people probably won't read the entire email. Sometimes I know some of my clients will take a long email that they receive and throw it into Gemini or Gpt
Eric Klein: and say, You know, summarize this, and if I can just do that for them, then they don't need to spend any extra time looking through understanding. If there are next steps that need to be taken, I lead with that like, Hey, this is what needs to get done. Here's the Tldr, and then here's the long format, if you really need it. Sometimes, though, what I like to do is
Eric Klein: I tell my my clients look before you send a really long email. Go have a snack, and then come back and read the email and think if that's really
Eric Klein: what you need to say if it's if it's necessary, and you end up the same thing when it comes to being angry at someone or being upset, that someone told you something that's not true. Or maybe you said it on a call. And you write a really mean email. Go have a snack, go, you know, get a drink of water and come back. And then you'll probably realize the email doesn't need to be this angry or doesn't need to be this long. Right. So 1st thing I'd say is, summarize it, make it short
Eric Klein: as possible. If you need to make a long email, put it in the bottom, but you can. Always. I like bullet points. I'm a big bullet point fan. I had a boss that hated that. I used bullet points. But everyone who got my email said, Thank you so much. I no longer have to read Spencer's, you know books every time he sends out an email, right? There's 6 bullet points. These are the 6 things I need to care about, and a story.
Stephen Musciano: Almost certainly it's too long if you think it's your emails too long.
Stephen Musciano: Your email.
Ankur Toshniwal: I don't think it's too long. That's that's the difference. Like.
Stephen Musciano: It's shorter, shorter, shorter.
Ankur Toshniwal: It's like 3 bullet points. And then I was told, that's it.
Ankur Toshniwal: Them homework? Yeah, 3 bullets.
Ankur Toshniwal: I'll show you.
Stephen Musciano: I'm sure you had mutual agreement at the end of the call. Right? This kind of goes to don't end a call unless you have the next meeting scheduled right sometimes. That's tough. But your goal should be like we have clear action, clear time when we're all getting back together, because otherwise, you're going to be chasing each other on email and phone calls afterwards.
Stephen Musciano: The other thing we
Stephen Musciano: my company is fully adopted is note takers. AI note takers. We use it in every single meeting, internal, external
Stephen Musciano: always and forever. We've had one customer tell us not to out of all of our customers. So it's it's been really successful. And that's if they want it in depth
Stephen Musciano: review. Watch the recording. Read the summary in your email. You put
Stephen Musciano: the clear 2 or 3 items that need to be need to happen, whether it's on the prospect side or your own side, whether they need to get you the nda, or you need to send the nda, whatever it is, the long form can come in the recording, and then you don't have to waste your time trying to write it out.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. Anthony.
Anthony De Silva: Thanks.
Anthony De Silva: So we are in the real estate tech space, and we sell to realtors and lenders. So far we've been reaching out to individual. You know, realtors and lenders. How do we
Anthony De Silva: like? At what point do you think
Anthony De Silva: it's it's good for us to start reaching to sort of the national
Anthony De Silva: mortgage brokers, or like bigger enterprise customers. At what point point in the process does that like?
Anthony De Silva: Would would we have enough like credibility to go after those like to spam some some of them on Linkedin.
Eric Klein: I.
Burhan Syed: I don't think you need any credibility. Sorry, go for it.
Eric Klein: No, I.
Burhan Syed: Who spoke.
Eric Klein: I have a I have a cautionary tale about a very similar thing very quickly, for a company I used to work with. That was an outsourced accounting firm. We found a potential need working with remaxes, which is, you know, those are in your space right
Eric Klein: and our Vp of sales spent, you know. Got an entire team focused on remaxes. We did an entire marketing campaign on remaxes. Going back to the vendor question. We got approved as a vendor before ever talking to. You know the corporate remax remax is all franchised. And then once we started reaching out to actual remaxes, none of them gave, you know, gave a damn about what we were
Eric Klein: saying. So what I would say is, you know, to Burhan's Point. You don't need credibility, you know. Test the water, see if they care. See if there's a need. See if they fit your Icp it is. You know your your enterprise are going to be bigger, bigger contracts. So there's there's more reward there. There's also a lot of them, right? So make sure that you're you're narrowing them down, qualifying, understanding, your messaging
Eric Klein: and doing, you know, doing all these salesy things that you need to do when it comes to tactical work.
Amir: But.
Eric Klein: Do it, you know. Just go do it right. Talk to these people. The value should be the same, or, if not more for them than it is for the little guys. There's
Eric Klein: the the big thing it always comes back to is, you know. Go, do it right, go meet with these people, and and make sure that you are seeing if there is value for them. If there is great. I think, Anthony, we talked about it like those. Those are the decision makers that you need to get on board to actually get to the money you guys are trying to make. So are you wasting your time with the people you're talking to now. If the answer is No, then
Eric Klein: I don't know, but it seems like sometimes
Eric Klein: you want to start really low when your value is actually for this other group. And that's your actual Icp.
Anthony De Silva: Thanks, Eric.
Anthony De Silva: I know Burhan wanted to say something too earlier.
Burhan Syed: Oh, I think Eric, covered up. You don't need any credibility. I guess my only last point would be that there's 2 types of companies. There's companies that build for small customers. And there's companies that build for large customers.
Burhan Syed: And I think the question to ask yourself before you even start reaching out to any customers is, what kind of company do you want to be? Do you want to serve the the Smbs, or you're gonna serve the enterprises because that's a whole different product. You think you're you're solving the same problem. But you're not. You think your product's gonna end up being the same. But it's not.
Burhan Syed: And yourself. That question early on is helpful, because it'll direct the roadmap for the next, like 2, 3 years in my! When I looked at myself in the mirror and asked that question, I said I wanted to serve the enterprises, and we built our entire product around that now, if we go sell it to Smbs, they're gonna hate it.
Anthony De Silva: Got it. Thank you.
Vivian: Hi, so I'm Vivian. I'm CEO of Mayor making auto easy. So for those who don't know what my business is, it's a platform. It's a sale enablement tool that matches customers to the right vehicles in dealerships and helps them sell more and sell faster. So my current customers right now I've all gone from drop-ins at the dealership, and the strategy is piloting further one store before getting to the rest of them.
Vivian: and like that's a future question. I have like how to get into this really large ones, because for those ones they don't want to do it unless everybody's on it. But right now, I'm finally like ready to start selling again. What I currently am planning on doing is
Vivian: I'm targeting 30 people in my network to book 10 Demos. I'm spending a day going back into dealerships. My goal is to get to 3 conversations. They usually end up being an hour each. I'm a pretty specific Icp, based on what I've learned from my current customers, and I'm going to target them by going to their websites and looking at how much inventory they have, I can kind of tell, based on like
Vivian: persona and the size of the team, and how young they are. And I'm also going to be doing 10 calls a day, and then I have 5 specific qualification questions. And then, if they say, Yes, I'm gonna go for the demo, and if they say, no, I'm still going to give them demo for when it's more relevant, so I guess one, if you have any feedback on that. But also, I have a question about advice, or like what you've learned about selling the vision of where your product could be.
Vivian: Feel like my customers are very progressive. They're younger. They're hungry, and that's part of my Icp right now. But I know that as I'm going to do more dealership visits and talking to more people, most.
Vivian: not most, but like a lot of them, are going to be less progressive. And I know I'm going to build that into my qualification questions, for, like my Icp. But wondering if you have any advice on how to get your prospects to buy in without having to go so far into like this bigger vision.
Burhan Syed: we should definitely have a call off this call. You just asked a very littered question. Here's my calendar link.
Burhan Syed: Yeah. Book some time with me.
Vivian: Will do.
Amir: I think something that I just want to mention is like
Amir: you said, how can I get? You know someone to buy into my vision.
Amir: And I think that's actually the wrong question is and and and because for for the buyer, for this, this person that's an employee like buying into your version is not the most important thing in their world. And so, you know, getting a promotion, you know.
Amir: 22 xing their bonus or Co commission. That's that's important to them. And so how?
Amir: What? What you really need to
Amir: my my kind of crude way to reframe this is like, how does your vision make their life better? You know that's really key. And and what is what? What is it that's going to make their life better
Amir: is really the the nugget, the golden nugget of information that you want to take away from a 1st interaction or a conversation? Is it a promotion, is it, you know more time?
Amir: so that they can. Do, you know, different strategic work, different, you know. Higher value tasks.
Amir: but I think just reframing that question before you go out to the market, could could make your time in market more productive.
Amir: This is the most important I I realize for all founders. This is challenging right? This business is the most important thing in your world. Even in your like, even outside of your world, like to your friends and family that are immediately around you. It's also super important for them. But when you go out into the wild.
Amir: yes, there's going to be some people that are more compassionate and optimistic and want to support entrepreneurs. But in the reality, most people, it's it's it's not the most important thing for them, and it's actually a chore, not a delight to support you and buy into your vision.
Sam Hegge: Yeah, I would echo that, I think.
Sam Hegge: you mentioned. You know, these calls are hour hours long. It would also, you know, it's kind of
Sam Hegge: encourage you to consider which of those should truly be an hour long. Because you want to find the people that have a problem that you're solving, for in the first, st like 20 min you should know of a call whether or not they have that problem that you can solve for, and if they don't, or their business doesn't like.
Sam Hegge: close it down, move on to the next one, and, you know, try to make a friend, so that when they they do have that, or they know somebody that has that problem, that they can help you out or introduce you. But you gotta you gotta move on fast.
Sam Hegge: win fast, lose fast, like Eric says.
Amir: And and, Vivian, you're you are literally building a sales enablement product. Right? So if you were to ever book an hour meeting with someone.
Amir: and you do that meeting in 30 min, and you get all the information.
Amir: You know. That's part of the like. Let me enable you to have a half hour pack in your day, because we got through all the information that I needed, you know. So you're you're unlocking time for them. It's almost like a symbol of the way you're gonna unlock free time for them. The way your product is gonna do it. You literally just did it in this 1 h meeting by shrinking it to 30 min, and so just finding playful ways to, to sort of demonstrate the value of your product.
Amir: even as simple as by cutting a meeting in half and saying, I'm giving you back your time the same way. My product will.
Amir: you know, in in helping so.
Vivian: I think for context, like I always what I did was like, I walk in and ask for 10 min of their time, because I am trying to ask them some questions about their business, and then, as I'm asking more questions, they like to talk about their challenges and what they're good at when they're not so it ends up being an hour every single time, even though I only ask for 1015 min.
Vivian: but because the complex, like, the problem is so complex. Sometimes, like their specific problem, I can work back to like our solution does solve that. But if, like, that doesn't necessarily come up in the 1st 1015 min, and sometimes, like that, conversation goes on, and then I can find the work back to our problem, and then I show them the demo, and then it works out for them. So I guess that's part of like
Vivian: the the overall vision of what we can do. And sometimes it's like the the phase 2, what we're building. That's really important to them. And yeah, so I guess that's
Vivian: that's I would love to be able to. And I'm trying to figure that it's like, what are those 5 questions? And I think I've narrowed them down now to be able to know really quickly if I can get them if I like, rather than having an hour conversation. Can I get those answers in the 1st 5 questions.
Sam Hegge: So.
Amir: And, by the way, that's a great signal when when a prospect, you know, goes over Calendar, and you know, promises you 30, but gives you an hour, promises you 10, but gives you an hour. That's that's kudos. Great signal.
Amir: you want to make sure that it's for the right reasons, and not just because, you know, they're trying to.
Amir: You know, punch, punch the clock and and kill kill parts of their day. Because for you that's not the right reason.
Amir: So I I could see why you want to front load that. But remember, you're you're selling to people that it's a relationship business in the car business, and so there, there's some element like you don't want to front. Load all the all the buying questions right off the beginning, but I think your head's in the right space here. So hope that answer help.
Sam Hegge: Walking around a dealership. I mean, they're salespeople trying to sell you cars right? So that you don't want to get trapped in that, either, where they're just like trying to build a pipeline out of you into their car sales, which I don't. I don't know, you know, exactly if that's happening. But if I ever walk into a car dealership they'll talk to me for 3 h, because they don't want me to stay on that lot.
Vivian: I think my biggest takeaway from this conversation is to be able to eliminate, eliminate those people really quickly. And not waste my time. So that's helpful. Thank you.
Sam Hegge: I think like, do they have budget for tools is something I would want to know about every dealership like some dealerships like I said they could run a million dollar business out of notepad like, and I'm sure that they do so kind of understanding trying to get some sort of early indicators in those conversations could, I think, could help a lot.
Vivian: Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: So it's crisp.
Chris Wong: Yeah, thanks. Everyone. Sorry if my, I'm in a car. So apologies if there's a little bit noise in the background. But I sell right now to small medium sized law firms. And we're right now we have a prototype that we're about to release, and we want to get pilots to kind of start working on our vision is to right start getting paid pilots and potentially like paid potential customers in the future. I wanted to know one question I have is like.
Chris Wong: what are the conversations like to lead up to like getting them on a call like? How much of that do you need to communicate them, that you're still in build mode rather than actually like, have a product that's ready that could be actually like sold. I'm curious to know what's the conversation like, what is is there anything that needs to be said? And then, yeah, when you're and then, secondly, when you're on those calls. Yeah, it's like, what is it that? I guess I'll start with the 1st question, and then, yeah, we'll start there.
Eric Klein: I. I go back and forth with my co-founder on this, and in very short, I think if you don't have a product to sell. You don't have value to sell. And you're doing product research and market research, not sales.
Eric Klein: You can be building pipeline. No, no issue there. But you can't tell people that you can provide value if you can't. So think of those more as pipeline opportunities and market research opportunities than they are sales. That's the short version, my my co-founder would say, be comfortable, selling nothing
Eric Klein: but as someone who has sold things my entire life and sold value, it's tough for me to get over selling nothing right? You have to be able to at least convey that you will be able to sell value
Eric Klein: So
Eric Klein: if if you're building towards it great, if you have a timeline, for when you can convert great, but if you are still talking to people, if they would be interested, you know, when you can do this, that's pipeline building and market research and not necessarily sales.
Sam Hegge: Yeah, we just recently launched a new product. So we've gone through this as a late stage company kind of going through this all over again. I think it's
Sam Hegge: understanding where the product is going and what your timelines are, and then being able to sell towards that timeline. So you don't want to sell yourself into a hole where you can't deliver on what you're talking about. But you want to build pipelines so that when the product's ready in July that you've got 5 customers lined up to be paying you on day one so I think it's a
Sam Hegge: it's a gentle balance of how do you
Sam Hegge: align their timelines with your delivery timeline and you know. Try to stay within that that wheelhouse.
Snow Lee: For me. I I also have a pilot program from time to time with the some little bit bigger companies, and then
Snow Lee: as so we we talked about this. So we need to define the clear goals of the Pi during the pilot program. And 1st of all, from the product guide perspective we need to think about if it is a scalable. If we can adopt this feature scale, this feature support this feature for the other customers too, and then, if it is aligned.
Snow Lee: I did personally discuss with my customers, so that how it is important, and if it is important for them. Actually.
Snow Lee: I charge more. I charge more than, and then align our goals and try my best to deliver it within the time within the pilot program.
Amir: Awesome on.
Amir: There's an integrity component to this question, right? You know. You don't wanna
Amir: over promise and and not deliver at all. There's a difference between over, you know, over promising and under delivering and over promising and not delivering at all. and so there's an integrity piece at play, and I think there's a component of like you have to, you know. Talk about
Amir: the the customers. Pain points and assign a value to it. If I solve this problem for you, what is it worth to you if I buy back 5 h of your day, what is it worth to you. What is your hourly rate, you know? Get these these quantitative things that you could. But but you don't want to be talking about a product that that isn't even being properly scoped and and can't be delivered in a reasonable amount of time. And and part of it could be. If
Amir: you know when you're asking these questions to buyer? If I solve this problem, what is it worth to you? You know. What is your timeline? You know, if I could solve this for you in 3 months. Does that change your the way you would assign a you know, a budget to this versus in 6 months versus in 1 1 day. If I solve this for you tomorrow, you know. What does that mean for your business?
Amir: but I like the way Eric positioned. You know, research versus true true sales. So so think about that. But but
Amir: so so hope that's helpful.
Sam Hegge: Yeah. Another thing that you know might be helpful is, we have design partners. So it's like, Are they? Are they invested in this? Are they helping actually form what your roadmap is because they're such a qualified client that they're willing to pay for it. And maybe they're even willing to pay for some of it before the product is delivered as a form of investment in the the partnership, because you're delivering on exactly what they asked for.
Sam Hegge: and I think, you know there's there's ways that you can.
Sam Hegge: You kind of use that to your advantage of. You know, if they're asking for something that's maybe outside your roadmap. They pay a little extra, and you deliver on that
Sam Hegge: Then, you know, they're committed because they're you know they're they're paying ahead of time.
Amir: And and part of this can be, you know, gotten out. And have you ever worked with a technology or a service provider to add a feature to their company into their service offering for you guys where you guys ever a part of that build process? Or is that too uncomfortable for you. And do you guys only procure products that are established long term, you know, tested, debugged by other customers.
Amir: do you? And sort of put that put that ball into their court, and and then that really helps you form a solid date. For when you should get back to that person, is this person willing to build alongside you? Or is this a person that I should
Amir: not even consider for the next 6 months? At all?
Amir: You know these sort of simple, informal questions can, can, can speak a lot.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. Really quick. Do you have this kind of a me question based on Chris's situation? When do you guys switch between the language of a pilot versus a trial like, how big does the work have to be?
Chloe Lannert: Do you have any like specifics? There.
Sam Hegge: I actually use them kind of interchangeably. I think a pilot oftentimes is a little bit more formal in my mind like if I like to use proof of concept. If it's a big organization, they typically kinda lean towards proof of concept. If it's like a a low lift entry point. I'll use trial, and then pilots kind of in between for me. But I think everybody has a little bit of a different definition.
Stephen Musciano: We've been
Stephen Musciano: Poc for a while. We're now switching to Pov is what we wanna focus on, because we think
Stephen Musciano: the concept and the capabilities of our product are easy to prove. And it's
Stephen Musciano: but we want to now prove value. So
Stephen Musciano: that's what we are gonna focus on. And trial is very specific in our world, where that's literally like
Stephen Musciano: a community license, where they log into the platform
Stephen Musciano: and use it at their own
Stephen Musciano: going. Well, we have guided tutorials trainings. Right? So a trial is purely like, alright. Well, I'll set you up for 30 days. Do whatever you want in the platform.
Stephen Musciano: We'll have 0 near 0 investment on our side. And what you're doing and then we also do something called a custom demo. And that's our way of trying to avoid a Poc as we talked about earlier. These are high investment motions. So a custom demo is, we'll take some of their data.
Stephen Musciano: make an industry specific, make it nearly
Stephen Musciano: focused on their business, but still agnostic enough. So it's a much more reduced investment on our side.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. Thank you so much. I know we're at time. If you need to jump.
Chloe Lannert: please do so. Really, really appreciate it. And for our lovely panel people? Are we good with me, sharing emails for follow ups.
Chloe Lannert: See? Nods beautiful. Thank you.
Stephen Musciano: Awesome.
Chloe Lannert: Really appreciate it.
Stephen Musciano: Happy hunting, thanks, all.
Carlo Scaglia: Thank you. Guys.
Vivian: Thank you.
Amir: Smile and dial smile and dial. Everybody have fun.
Chloe Lannert: See? Ya hell, yeah.